Grandfather Huang Grandfather Huang
This is anaphylactic shock
Supreme Emperor
No, the Supreme Emperor has committed evil again
Kuaixuan Imperial Doctor
Mingcui's words reminded This King
Yuan Qingling doesn't understand medical skills at all
Could it be that someone is teaching him behind his back?
His father, Yuan Balong, was a villain of the Qu Yuan Fu family
Don't have the guts
Who is it?
How is Brother Huo?
Report to the prince
It's okay
It seems that the doctor's medical skills are good
Yes
Is there anything Qi Moumou is hiding from this king?
Servants dare not
This king puts you in charge of Brother Fire
About any fire brother
Don't hide it from this king, otherwise
Slaves are guilty
In fact, Brother Huo's illness was not cured by a doctor
It was cured by the princess
Yuan Qingling
Could it be that he is really good at medicine?
Princess Wang Yan is seriously injured
I had a high fever before taking Zijin Soup
Now the medicinal effect of Zijin Decoction has dissipated
Now in the palace
I don't know if he can hold on anymore
Can't hold on
He was seriously injured and designed to stay in the palace
I'm afraid I want to hate this king again in front of the hall
The prince and the slave think
Princess he seems
It's not the same as before
What do you mean?
Princess, he has no longer abandoned the ruins to his servants these days
Save the fire regardless of the past, young master
Apologize to the old slave
The old slave thought
The princess used to lose her temper
Maybe he wanted to attract the attention of the prince
In fact, he is not bad by nature
Could it be that those 30 boards made him obedient?
Or can't he toss it anymore?
I really want to be with your lord
Emperor sudden emergency
It is said to be the work of the princess
The emperor announced your admission to the palace
This king is not reconciled to this poisonous woman
If anything happens to Grandfather Wang
The king is widowed